For this attached you find a starting Project.
This starting Project was created with create react app a tool created by the REACT team.
In the end which makes it easy to spin up new react projects and give us a project structure like this.
I adjusted it a little bit but generally it's exactly the same you would get from this tool.
Now why do we need such a tool why don't we just import a script in our H2 email file and get started
because react is a bit more complex than vanilla javascript.
In the end we ship vanilla javascript code but the way we write to code is a bit more convenient to
us as a developer.
We can use certain features which wouldn't run in the browser and therefore this project setup here
has a couple of tools included which take the code we write as a developer and actually convert it to
code that runs in the browser.
So did we have normal code that is executed in the browser.
But we have a easier time writing that code as a developer.
In addition we get a development server which is a simple server that serves our front end application
so which has no back and only serves that front and application and which automatically reloads or injects
changes whenever we change and save something in one of our source code files.
In addition here with react we're building a single page application that's not a must do but it's a
common choice in a single page application.
You only have one H2 mail file which in the end is returned by the server serving that application.
In this case this HMO file which itself is relatively empty but this file will then later include script
imports.
They will be added automatically by these tools I mentioned earlier which in the end host and run our
ReACT application which we in turn right here in the source folder with our files we got there so that
in the end we have web application of front end which consists of 1 H2 mail file where then javascript
is used to render something on the screen and re rendered add something on the screen when it's needed
and dad allows us to build highly reactive modern user interfaces where everything happens instantly
because javascript runs the browser.
Things happen instantly.
We don't need to wait for a new age to file to be downloaded from a server.
Instead everything is already there.
So when a user clicks a button and we want to show a box on the screen in response to that Click boom
it happens instantly.
Because of JavaScript that's the feeling we want to provide.
We can do that with react now.
Enough talking about the theory.
Let's write some code.
As I mentioned we do that here in the source folder where we find a index to his file in the app Che's
file.
Both very simple files.
Now let's have a look at the index chains phone.
There you see we have a couple of imports at the top.
This is by the way how you import code on the front end import something from and then either a relative
path to your own file or if it's a third party package just a package name.
And then here we have imports from our own files with a relative path.
As I mentioned and then here we are executing one command in the end react Dom render.
Now this is coming from the react DOM object here at the end which we're importing from the react Dom
library and that renders this strange thing which is not regular javascript.
It's you this place on our H smell page.
This is regular javascript and here we are selecting the element with an idea of root.
If we have a look at our single H2 mail file that is this Dave here.
So dad is in the end where our ReACT single page application will be hosted at 2 and thereafter react
will take over and render everything in that place.
So that's what we're doing here.
But what is this strange thing for Dad.
We need to understand what components are and how react works.